Fix kafka avro consumer error (#21717)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: stdlib/messaging/kafka/src/main/ballerina/src/kafka/Module.md

}
```

### Send Data Using Avro

> Ballerina Kafka supports Avro serialization and deserialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ballerina Kafka module supports Avro serialization and deserialization.
```

To try this, let's create a new ballerina project and two modules inside it.

> To do this, first enter the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the below commands to do this.
```

```shell script
ballerina new kafka_avro_sample
cd kafka_avro_sample
ballerina add producer
ballerina add consumer
```

 #### Dependencies

>  To use Avro, you need to create a ballerina project and add necessary dependencies.Following is a sample `Ballerina

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 To use Avro, you need to add the necessary dependencies to the Ballerina project you created. 
```

>  .toml` file for a Kafka avro project. To do so, download the necessary dependencies and put them inside `resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, download the necessary dependencies and put them inside the `resources
```

>  ` directory. Then add the following dependencies to `Ballerina.toml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ` directory. Also, add those dependencies to the `Ballerina.toml` file of your project.
 The following is a sample `Ballerina.toml` file with the dependencies.
```

     module = "producer"
     path = "./resources/common-config-5.4.1.jar"
     artifactId = "common-config"
     version = "5.4.1"
     groupId = "io.confluent"
 
     [[platform.libraries]]
     module = "producer"
     path = "./resources/common-utils-5.4.1.jar"
     artifactId = "common-utils"
     version = "5.4.1"
     groupId = "io.confluent"
 
     [[platform.libraries]]
     module = "producer"
     path = "./resources/avro-1.9.2.jar"
     artifactId = "avro"
     version = "1.9.2"
     groupId = "org.apache.avro"
 
     [[platform.libraries]]
     module = "producer"
     path = "./resources/jackson-core-2.10.3.jar"
     artifactId = "jackson-core"
     version = "1.9.2"
     groupId = "com.fasterxml.jackson.core"
 
     [[platform.libraries]]
     module = "producer"
     path = "./resources/jackson-databind-2.10.3.jar"
     artifactId = "jackson-databind"
     version = "2.10.3"
     groupId = "com.fasterxml.jackson.core"
 
     [[platform.libraries]]
     module = "producer"
     path = "./resources/jackson-annotations-2.10.3.jar"
     artifactId = "jackson-annotations"
     version = "2.10.3"
     groupId = "com.fasterxml.jackson.core"
```

> Now, the directory structure will look like follows:

Author: ```suggestion
Now, the directory structure will look like follows. (Some of the files ignored)
```
